
1.  The first rule of Lob Pong.
  1.1  All ITTF rules for doubles table tennis as listed on the website[1] apply unless explicity in conflict with a rule of Lob Pong.

2.  The Lob
  2.1  Each player on a team is allowed a maximum of one strike of the ball per return;  with exception being the first return of the service in which only the reciever is allowed to strike the ball.  
    2.1.1 The first player to strike the ball on a return is the "setter".  The partner of the setter when finishing the return is the "spiker".  The setter may choose to return the ball directly,  or they may strike the ball so that the "spiker" is able to return the ball to the opponents side of the table.  When the "setter" and "spiker" both hit the ball on a return this is known as a "lob".
    2.1.2  Lob Scoring
      2.1.2.1  A lob that scores immediately after a 1 hit return shall be worth 2 points.
      2.1.2.2  A lob that scores after a lob from the opponents shall be worth (N+1) points,  where N is the number of consective lobs that have occurred between both teams since a 1 hit return. For example, if the serving team hits a lob at the first legal opportunity, the receiving team fields and converts their own lob, it shall be worth 3 points. 

3.  The Service
  3.1  If during an otherwise valid service, the ball strikes the edge of the table, the partner of the server is granted the ability to strike the ball.
    3.1.1  If the partner is able to strike the ball, the ball shall be fully considered a lob.
    3.1.2  If the partner is unable to strike the ball, the opposing team shall score a point.
      
4.  Logistics
  3.1  Players on the team attempting to return a lob may strike the ball in any order.  If a lob is returned from the opponents with a 1 hit return,  then they must again begin alternating hits with the "setter" of the preceeding lob required to strike the ball first.
  3.2  The ball may be played legally after it strikes any surface or obstruction beyond the playing table other than the floor.  This includes but is not limited to walls, ceilings, support pillars,  or innocent bystanders.

5.  Offsides
  4.1  The offside line is the back edge of the table (parallel to to the net) extending out from the table indefinitely. 
  4.2  The spiker,  when striking the ball,  must have their entire lower body completely behind the offside line.  
    4.2.1 The lower body in this context shall be defined as the body that exists below the height of the playing table.
    4.2.2  The spiker may lean over the offside line with their upper body.
    
6.  The Game
  5.1  Games shall be played best of 3 to 21.
    5.2  The winning team must win by 2 points.
    5.3  The winning point must be the result of a lob, except in the case of 5.4, the Three-Strike (Filippini) Rule.
    5.4  The Three-Strike (Filippini) Rule
      5.4.1  If a team is within one point of a winning score and scores a point that is not the result of a lob, their opponents shall incur a strike.
      5.4.2  If a team earns at least one (1) point, their strikes shall be reset to zero (0).
      5.4.3  If a team incurs 3 strikes they shall lose the game.
      5.4.4  Members of all teams are required to acknowledge the Three-Strike (Filippini) rule upon any team reaching game point by verbally confirming that "The Three-Strike (Filippini) rule is in effect".
  
Links
[0] - http://www.ittf.com/ittf_handbook/hb.asp?s_number=2 
